docs: Administration guide: caching images for faster workspace start (#2258)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/defining-the-list-of-images-to-pull.adoc

The {image-puller-name-short} can pre-pull most images, including scratch images such as `che-machine-exec`. However, images that mount volumes in the Dockerfile, such as `traefik`, are not supported for pre-pulling on OpenShift 3.11.

.Procedure

> . Gather a list of relevant container images for prepulling by navigating to the `pass:c,a,q[{prod-url}]/plugin-registry/v3/external_images.txt`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Gather a list of relevant container images for pre-pulling by navigating to the `pass:c,a,q[{prod-url}]/plugin-registry/v3/external_images.txt` file.
```

Author: well, technically this is a URL, not a file
@Eva-Lotte should we use URL instead?

Reviewer: Ah, I see! In that case yes, using URL will make sense.

Author: fixed

> . Determine images from the list for pre-pulling. For faster workspace startup times, consider pre-pulling workspace related images such as `che-theia`, `che-machine-exec`, `che-theia-endpoint-runtime-binary` as well as plug-in sidecar images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Determine images from the list for pre-pulling. For faster workspace startup times, consider pre-pulling workspace related images such as `che-theia`, `che-machine-exec`, `che-theia-endpoint-runtime-binary`, and plug-in sidecar images.
```
